Post 'I love English!' on a social media.
Sing the English alphabet backwards and record it.
Send the last photo you took with your phone.
Take a screenshot of your phone gallery with all the recent pictures.
Send the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Show the last three people you texted and what the messages said.
Act like a monkey and record a video of it.
Message someone and ask if they believe in aliens, send a screenshot of the conversation.
Say the months of the year backwards and record it as an audio.
Record an impression of your favorite celebrity as a video.
Record an impression of your favourite animal as an audio.
Record your best president impression.
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth and record.
Record a video of you dancing, but without music.
Make up a story about the first thing that you see in your room.
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth and record it.
Set your phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes.
Record a video of you playing the air guitar to a song of your choice.
Record a video of you playing the air drums to a song of your choice.
Make a poem using the words orange and moose.
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are
Say "you know what am sayin" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Say "banana" after everything you say until it is your turn again.
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S = Silly ; A = Attractive ; M = Merry)
Make up a poem about the colour blue.
Record your best evil laugh; as loud as you can.
Make a funny face, take a selfie.
Send an unsolicited text message to one of your friends, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Talk about your favourite food in a british accent and record it.
Everything you say for the next 5 minutes has to rhyme.
Send the oldest selfie on your phone.
Tell the group two truths and one lie and they have to guess which one the lie is.
Take a screenshot of your most recent google search history and send it.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind, and record it.
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account