Have you ever kissed an animal?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What was the last thing you ate?
Do you have any unusual talents?
Do you have any phobias?
Have you ever used someone else's password?
Have you ever ridden the bus without paying the fare?
Do you message people during your classes?
Have you ever fallen asleep during a class?
Have you ever bitten a toenail?
Have you ever stolen something?
Have you ever stolen something of value worth more than $10?
Have you ever taken money that didn't belong to you?
Are you a hard-working student?
What was the best day of you life?
What was the strangest dream you ever had?
What is the most annoying thing to you (pet peeve)?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
Who is most important to you?
What is the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
Have you ever eaten food that you've dropped on the ground? If so, how long was it on the ground?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
What is the most evilest thing you've ever done?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
What is your weirdest habit?
How many kids would you like to have?
What is one embarrassing fact about you?
What was your childhood nickname?
If you were trapped on an island for 3 days. What would you take with you?
Your house is burning down and you have to get out fast. You can take one thing with you, what would it be?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, which friend would you want with you?
Who is your favourite person and why?
What is your best talent?
What is your favourite color? Why?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is your guilty pleasure?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world; what would it be?
What country would like to live in if you had the chance?
If you could change one thing on your body; what would it be?
What do you daydream about the most?
Describe the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
Describe your most recent dream that you recall.
What is your favourite season of the year?
Could you go a week without junk food?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
If you could go anywhere in the world; where would you go?
If you suddenly had a million dollars; what would you do with all of your money?
If you could dye your hair any colour; what colour would you pick?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
Have you ever had someone write an assignment or a work for you?
What is the longest that you have ever been without taking a shower?
Who taught you how to tie your shoes?
Have you ever worn the same clothes for more than three days?
What is your favourite holiday and why?
If you could be any dinosaur; which would it be?
Have you ever picked your nose in public?
If you could be any super villain; who would you be?
Have you ever blamed something that you have done on one of your siblings?
Have you ever blamed a fart on an animal?
How many boyfriends (or girlfriends) have you had?
Have you ever told one of your best friend’s secrets; even if you said you wouldn’t?
What is the most annoying thing that one of your siblings has done?
If you were a billionaire; what would you spend your time doing?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without your smartphone?
What is the longest time that you think you could go without the internet?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
Have you ever watched an adult film without your parents knowing?
If you could own your own business one day; what would it be?
What is your favourite kind of clothing?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had; why?
What would you do if your parents left the house to you for a whole week?
What is your favourite song that is out right now?
Could you go two months without talking to your friends?
Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?
What's your scariest nightmare?
What do you think is your biggest flaw?
What do you think is your biggest strength?
What do you think is your biggest weakness?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your biggest fantasy?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Who is/was your celebrity crush?
When was the last time you cried?
What is your biggest regret?
What is a misconception about you?
What is one thing you wish people knew about you?
Who do you admire the most?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
Have you ever climbed a tree?
If you could be a superhero; what would your power be?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
What was the last lie that you tol your best friend?
Which person here knows something about you that you wouldn't want revealed?
What are the three qualities you feel are most important in a friend?
If you could make one wish right this second, what would it be?
What would you change about your life if you could?
Of the people in this group, who do you want to switch lives with and why?
What was your childhood ambition?
If you could erase one past experience, what would it be?
What is one thing that you've always wanted to do?
What is the stupidest thing that you've done in front of a crowd?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you sing in the shower? What song did you sing last time?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever posted something on the internet/social media that you regret?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
What's your biggest fantasy?
What's something you're glad your parents doesn't know about you?
Do you have a hidden talent? What is it?
Who is your favourite friend?